Game Of Life Simulations Manual:


Getting Started:

	Start up this simulation by either loading up an initial grid board, or you can press the random button to
	create one instantly! To load a grid board you can navigate your way through the drop down menu and find the
	button "Load", you can also press "ctrl" + "L" to open up the file chooser, or finally you can press the load 
	icon in the upper toolbar. 
	
Settings:
	To reconfigure the default settings for this game, head on over to the settings window. You can do this 
	by either pressing the "Settings" option in the drop down menu, pressing the settings icon in the toolbar,
	or by simply pressing "ctrl" + "o" to access the settings window quickly. Once you are there, you now have
	the option to change your default filename, folder name, the dimensions of the board, the number of ticks you
	want your simulation to run for, and the colors throughout your game. If you would like the colors you 
	pressed to be used going forward, make sure you press the "Show" button before saving your preferences and 
	exiting out of the window. You also have the ability to change the number of threads you would like to run
	by selecting an option in the drop down selection box. 

Running The Simulation:
	Once you have your initial board loaded and your preferred settings selected, press the run button in the
	bottom left corner of the screen. This will generate your entire simulation. To traverse through the ticks,
	you may press either the left or right button to go forward a tick or backwards. Statistics regarding the 
	number of alive cells, the number of dead cells, and the difference in the number of alive cells from the
	previous tick will be presented in the bottom bar as well.
	
Saving Your Game:
	AFTER you have pressed the button to run your simulation, a popup window will appear with saving options.
	You may save all of the ticks, but you can also save a single tick, a range of ticks, or nothing at all.. 
		To save all of the ticks:
			Press the “Save All“ options and press save. Please give your code sometime to compile!
			
		To save a single tick:
			Press the “Save Single“ options, enter the individual tick you’d like to save, and press 
			save. Please give your code sometime to compile!
			
		To save a range of ticks:
			Press the “Save Range“ options, enter the starting and ending tick for your range that
			you’d like to save, and press save. Please give your code sometime to compile!
	
	**** When you’re simulation is ready, you will see a popup notification saying “You’re boards are ready!”.
	At that point you may use the bottom arrow keys to move between your first and last board. Please do not
	use those keys prior to your simulation being completed, as this may cause the program to freeze.*******


Loading A Board:
	As mentioned in the “Getting Started” portion of this manual, you have the option to load in a grid. You
	must follow a specific format in order for your grid to load in correctly. If you do not upload a file with
	the correct format, this will cause an error in your program. Below is the format you must use on your files.
	****** It is also important to note that the number of rows in your loaded grid must equal the number of 
	columns!!!! ******
	

	Format:
			row, col
			cell, cell, cell, cell, cell
			cell, cell, cell, cell, cell
			cell, cell, cell, cell, cell
			cell, cell, cell, cell, cell

	Example:
			6, 6
			1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0
			0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1
			0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0
			1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0
			0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1
			0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1